a family falls victim to a group of
mutated cannibals in a desert far away
from civilization
welcome to total recaps
today we will explain a 2006 horror
thriller titled the hills have eyes
take a seat and enjoy
the movie starts out with three guys in
new mexico where they test for radiation
in the desert a bleeding guy leaps in
front of one of the men pleading for
assistance
pluto a man who was mutated after being
exposed to nuclear testing attacked the
person and beat him up with reckless
abandon the two other guys are butchered
hung from the back of a vehicle and
taken away
an owner at a remote gas station picks
up a bag filled with human body parts
and random belongings from some
unfortunate people
as he was going through the items he got
interrupted by a customer ethel carter
and her retired police detective husband
bob carter are going from cleveland ohio
to san diego california to celebrate
their silver wedding anniversary
additionally their daughter brenda son
bobby oldest daughter lynn her husband
doug bukowski and their infant daughter
catherine as well as the german
shepherds beauty and beast are there
while big bob is speaking with the gas
station manager someone snatches bobby's
red sweater off the vehicle and flees
bobby wants to take a leak and he enters
a nearby wooden toilet when he notices
someone observing him through the window
while urinating he stops
one of the dogs escapes to the gas
station and lynn goes after the dog
she stumbles upon the bag with people's
belongings and human body parts
the gas station owner stops her from
discovering more about the bag content
and he decides he does not want to take
a risk of being exposed for still
unknown crimes he then tells bob about
the shortcut which is actually a deadly
trap
bob thanks him unaware the owner just
sent his family to die
after a few kilometers on the shortcut
the truck's tires are pierced by a
concealed spike belt causing the wheels
to rupture in the vehicle to fall into a
nearby ditch
bob goes back to the petrol station for
a tow truck while doug walks in the
other direction for assistance
meanwhile someone is watching the other
members of the family via a pair of
binoculars
suddenly beauty smells something and
runs into the hills
bobby goes after her only to discover
her mutilated corpse bobby flees
terrified and upset but stumbles and
falls knocking himself unconscious
while her brother goggle nibbles on the
dead dog a young female mutant called
ruby who had stolen bobby's hoodie
stumbles upon him and is intrigued by
him meanwhile doug stumbles upon
multiple craters that look like a result
of a nuclear bomb detonation the craters
are filled with abandoned cars so he
checks them out to see if he could find
anything useful later that night bob
finally makes it back to the gas station
where he finds out more about what is
going on here he then encounters the
hysterical gas station owner who later
commits suicide by shooting himself in
the head
bob attempts to leave the situation in
his vehicle overcome with dread however
he is attacked by the mutant leader papa
jupiter with the help from his deformed
sons jupiter captures unfortunate bob
bob is then taken away to the nearby
mining caves by the mutant leader as
soon as bobby regains consciousness he
returns to the trailer and does not
inform his family of beauty's execution
meanwhile as they speak inside the
trailer beast manages to release himself
from his chain and flees into the hills
where he comes upon what's left of
beauty meanwhile as they speak inside
the trailer the absence of bob's return
has caused bobby to be concerned about
his father doug assures bobby that they
will look for bob if he does not return
by midnight
later that evening as they are trying to
sleep pluto sneaks into the trailer and
finds brenda with the intention of
raping her lobby wakes up lynn and doug
outside the trailer telling them about
the people in the hills and about
beauty's death
lynn and doug are shocked and confused
brenda is restrained inside by pluto who
stops her from shouting
suddenly an explosion in the distance
attracts the attention of the others who
are just about to discover pluto for
themselves
finding bob tied to a tree and set on
fire doug rushes into the trailer to get
a fire extinguisher while lizard slips
into the trailer unnoticed
as everyone unintentionally leaves the
defenseless brenda alone with the two
dangerous guys blizzard observes pluto's
failed attempts to rape brenda
furious he throws pluto off and takes
care of it himself
later pluto comes upon catherine in her
crib and keeps an eye on her as lizard
continues to rape brenda doug
extinguishes the fire and frees bob who
is already dead while lynne goes to the
trailer to discover why brenda is
screaming and is met by lizard who is
carrying baby catherine and big bob's
pistol and pluto who is holding brenda
lizard disarms lin after she strikes him
with a frying pan and threatens
catherine with a pistol he yanks open
lynn's shirt and sucks the breast milk
from her ethel then enters the trailer
in an attempt to smash lizard's head but
pluto warns him and lizard manages to
shoot ethel and kill her lin then stabs
lizard with a screwdriver prompting
lizard to shoot her in the head pluto
and lizard escape the trailer capturing
brenda and catherine
lizard attempts to kill brenda as he
hears doug and bobby coming but the
pistol is empty of ammunition
when doug and bobby return to the
trailer they find the corpses and know
catherine has been kidnapped
goggle the mutant who murdered beauty is
watching the trailer via binoculars when
beast attacks and kills him
doug sets out in search of their
assailants the following morning and
beast takes him into a tunnel filled
with mining graves
when doug emerges from the tunnel he
discovers an abandoned nuclear testing
town and enters the home where catherine
is being held captive only to be struck
unconscious by big mama whom he mistook
for someone who was watching television
he later awakens in an ice box which is
where the mutants store their victims
corpses he becomes agitated and knocks
on the plastic cover finally loosening
it he resumes his search for catherine
only to be interrupted by big brain who
explains him the story about the mutants
that were mutated by the fallout from
the nuclear testing pluto then appears
out of nowhere smashing through the door
they get into some serious fight where
doug loses his fingers but decides to
turn that against the stupid mutant
he pretends to be crying in agony and
pluto immediately stops the attack just
to enjoy doug's agony doug slams a
screwdriver through his foot into the
floor pinning him down
he then grabs a tiny american flag and
shoves it down pluto's throat before
finishing him out by smashing his own
axe blade into his skull doug then
confronts the mutant cyst outside the
home and kills him with pluto's axe
cutting his knee open and knocking him
over the bonnet of a vehicle
he gets chopped in the back before being
killed when doug smashes the pick end
into his eye
doug grabs his shotgun and walks away
big brain orders lizard to assassinate
catherine and then gets assassinated by
beast
lizard prepares to murder catherine with
a cleaver but instead of catherine he
discovers a pig
ruby has grabbed catherine and escaped
towards the hills
lizard realizes this and continues after
her angered by her trickery doug spots
ruby on the hill and follows her ruby is
about to return catherine to dug in the
hills when lizard appears
doug beats lizard and then shoots him in
the chest neck and shoulder
ruby returns catherine to doug who is
unaware that lizard has survived and has
stood up
ruby throws herself at lizard hurling
them over a cliff preventing lizard from
shooting doug and catherine while also
sacrificing herself
meanwhile on the hills surrounding the
trailer bobby discovers papa jupiter
devouring ethel's heart after her corpse
is taken and carried into the hills
bobby is pursued by jupiter to the
trailer where brenda unleashes gas from
the propane tanks
bobby dashes inside securing the sliding
door behind him with a strip of matches
that will soon explode everything in the
air bobby ties the hand of papa jupiter
to the window
jupiter gets free from the bungee rope
soon after everyone else escaped and
opens the sliding door striking the
matches and igniting the gas inside the
trailer causing it to explode bobby and
brenda explore the wreckage of their
trailer and discover papa jupiter who is
still alive but impaled brenda takes a
pickaxe to the head of papa jupiter and
murders him brenda then notices doug
with catherine and beast and the quartet
is reunited a pair of unknown binoculars
observes them from the hills as they
celebrate their seeming triumph
it looks like the degenerate family has
even more members we are not aware of
thank you for watching if you want to
see more make sure to subscribe and turn
on notifications
see you later